Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
You'd be giving up your dream.
Yeah. Honestly.
when I thought I was pregnant.
I was scared at first.
But when you told me
my career would be over.
it was odd. but suddenly. I felt relieved.
I don't have any privacy.
and always having to be perfect…
it's too hard.
Once I tell my dad.
you know there's no going back.
I know.
But fame isn't what I want.
Min Ho. I'm really sorry.
I didn't know it would turn out like this.
No. you should do what you want.
Thank you so much.
Oh yes. Yes.
Truthfully. this reservation is
for the designer Yisoo--
Hello?
- What would you like to eat?
- One kimchi dumpling.
One pajeon…
And three yukhwae bibimbaps
as well. please.
Oh no. Can you take off
one yukhwae. please?
- So two yukhwae bibimbaps?
- Yes. please. Thank you.
Hey. what are you doing?
I just got an email from Seoul National.
I didn't get in.
Really? You're the first in our class.
I was always worried I wouldn't be
able to go because of the money.
I never even thought I wouldn't get in.
Yuri asked me the other day
if I had my own dream.
Dream? You have one?
I do.
But it's a little crazy.
Is it music. by chance?
How did you know?
Last year you held yourself back
from the stage.
but you ended up doing really well.
I have an idea…
Wouldn't it be fun
if you and I made music together?
It would be fun. of course.
but is that as easy as it sounds?
It won't be easy.
but it's something you have a taste for.
What do you say?
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-